bpo-46494: Mention the typing_extensions pkg in typing docs (#31260)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

:class:`str` and the return type :class:`str`. Subtypes are accepted as
arguments.

> New features have been added to the typing module in each version of Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New features are frequently added to the ``typing`` module.
```
So this doesn't go out of date if we don't end up adding anything to 3.12 or something.

The `typing_extensions <https://pypi.org/project/typing-extensions/>`_ package

> provides backports of new ``typing`` features to older versions of Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
provides backports of these new features to older versions of Python.
```
Don't repeat "typing"

:class:`str` and the return type :class:`str`. Subtypes are accepted as
arguments.

> New features have been added to the typing module in each major version of

Reviewer 2: `have been` -> `are`?

(not a native speaker)

Reviewer: I think "have been" is right. "are" would imply that we keep adding new features to each version, which has been true so far but isn't something we can promise will remain true :)

But separately, I think "major version" is wrong. Python 3 is a major version, but here we're talking about 3.9, 3.10, etc. Those are minor versions.
```suggestion
New features have been added to the typing module in each version of
```

Python. The `typing_extensions <https://pypi.org/project/typing-extensions/>`_

> package provides backports to all supported versions of Python 3 for almost

Reviewer 2: There are couple of questions I have after reading this sentence:
- What are "all supported versions"?
- Why "almost all features"? Which ones are not backported? Why?

Maybe we can rephrase it like so?

```
The typing_extensions package provides backports of new ``typing`` features to older versions of Python.
```

Reviewer: I think your rephrasing is good since it avoids these problems. "All supported versions" is supposed to mean all Python 3 versions that are still supported, and "almost all features" is because there's some things that can't be backported (e.g., PEP 604, PEP 585).

:class:`str` and the return type :class:`str`. Subtypes are accepted as
arguments.

> The `typing_extensions <https://pypi.org/project/typing-extensions/>`_ package

Reviewer: Any reason you fully removed the first sentence? I'd like to make it more explicit that the fact that all these new things were added to recent versions doesn't mean you can't use them in older versions.

Author: Oh, I read the rephrasing and felt that it covered the important points from both sentences so I thought that the intention was to have only the rephrased sentence, but it seems that I misunderstood what you meant. Is the following what was intended - 
`New features have been added to the typing module in each version of
Python. The typing_extensions package provides backports of new ``typing`` features to older versions of Python.`
Edit: I realized I missed your first comment about the versions of Python - updated the text above, based on that

Reviewer: Looks like you didn't push any more changes.

Author: Pushed now. Sorry, this time I thought I would get feedback before pushing
